[DJM-801] Document DD_LOGS_CONFIG_PROCESSING_RULES (#29384)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/emr.md

| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to EMR cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][15]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |
| DD_ENV                   | Set the `env` environment tag on metrics, traces, and logs from this cluster.   |         |
| DD_EMR_LOGS_ENABLED      | Send Spark driver and worker logs to Datadog.                                                                                                                  | false   |

> | DD_LOGS_CONFIG_PROCESSING_RULES | Configure log processing rules. See [Advanced Log Collection][16] for more details. |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DD_LOGS_CONFIG_PROCESSING_RULES | Filter the logs collected with processing rules. See [Advanced Log Collection][16] for more details. |         |
```
